# Research and analyze which of the vulnerabilities appear to be related to the code that was deployed for the environment in this project.

AWS Config:

- The rule named "securityhub-restricted-ssh-871e322a" is noncompliant for both the Application Server and the Attack Instance Security Groups. 
It checks whether the incoming SSH traffic for the security groups is accessible. 
To remediate the vulnerability, we can disallow any SSH traffic to the Application Server security group and access the instance using the AWS Systems Manager > Sessions Manager.

- The rule named "securityhub-encrypted-volumes-858bdc38" is non compliant for both the Application Server and the Attack Instances.
It checks whether the EBS volumes that are in an attached state are encrypted.
To remediate the vulnerability, we can enable encryption for the volumes.

- The rule named "securityhub-s3-bucket-server-side-encryption-enabled-4359688f" is noncompliant for both "free" and "secret" S3 buckets.
It checks checks that the Amazon S3 bucket either has Amazon S3 default encryption enabled or that the S3 bucket policy explicitly denies put-object requests without server side encryption.
To remediate the vulnerability, we can enable encryption for the S3 buckets.


AWS Security Hub:

- The findings with "critical" severity are related to the use of the root account. 
To remediate the vulnerabilities, we should avoid the use of root account altogether after initial account creation.
It is also highly recommended to enable MFA (Multi-Factor Authentication) for that account.

- The findings with "high" severity highlight the vulnerabilities in the Security Groups configurations.
Current configuration does not follow the least privilege access principle and are too permissive allowing traffic from 0.0.0.0/0 to port 22 on the Application Server, 
which means that malicious users can directly attack the Application Server instance from the Internet. 
To remediate this vulnerability, we can configure the Inbound Rules for WebAppSG to restrict access through port 22 and only allow incoming traffic from the Application Load Balancer.
